README.md, before:

🌍 [Leia em Português](README.pt-BR.md)


# <Title>

<description>

## Technologies Used

- `<Technology>` - <description>
- `<Technology>` - <description>
- `<Technology>` - <description>
- `<Technology>` - <description>

## Features

- <Feature1>
- <Feature2>
- <Feature3>
- <Feature4>

## Steps to install and run

1. Clone the Repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/felipeclarindo/<projectname>.git
```

2. Enter directory:

```bash
cd <projectname>
```

3. Create `Virtual Environment`:

```bash
python -m venv .venv
```

4. Enable `Virtual Environment` by running the `.bat` file in `.venv/Scripts/activate.bat`.

5. Install dependencies :

```bash			
pip install - r requirements.txt
```

## Contribution

Contributions are welcome! If you have suggestions for improvements, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## Author

**Felipe Clarindo**

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/felipeclarindo)
- [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/lipethecoder)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/felipeclarindo)

## License

This project is licensed under the [GNU Affero License](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html).

Commit message:

feat(application): Adding the logical of the library and the CLI(LTS). (#1)

README.md, after:

🌍 [Leia em Português](README.pt-BR.md)

# Team Track

Application to manage the team developed with `.Net` using `C#`.

## Technologies Used

- `.Net` - Create and manage dependencies of the project.
- `C#` - Language to development.

## Steps to install and run

1. Clone the Repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/felipeclarindo/team-track.git
```

2. Enter directory:

```bash
cd team-track
```

3. Compile the project:

```bash
dotnet build
```

4. Enter in the build repository:

```bash
cd C:\team-track\app\bin\Debug\net9.0
```

5. Run Project:

```bash
dotnet app.dll
```

## Contribution

Contributions are welcome! If you have suggestions for improvements, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## Author

**Felipe Clarindo**

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/felipeclarindo)
- [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/lipethecoder)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/felipeclarindo)

## License

This project is licensed under the [GNU Affero License](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html).
